I'm Tony Stark
I build neat stuff I got a great girl
and occasionally save the world so why
can't I sleep
you elected me on a single platform
I will defend this country at all costs
the Mandarin must be stopped
Oh Who I am
you'll never see me coming
what are you going to do about these tax
the whole world's gonna be watching the
question where is Tony Stark
things are different now I have to
protect the one thing that I can't live
without that's you let's just start
today is the first day
it was the left of your life
you
I'm going to offer the choice
you want an empty life or a meaningful
death
another man nothing more than a maniac
I'm not afraid of you
no politics here
just good old-fashioned revenge
we do need backup that's your department
here's my boys